services/watermark-scala/README.md, before:

Watermark [![Build Status](https://github.com/VladimirYushkevich/test-tasks/workflows/watermark-scala/badge.svg)](https://github.com/VladimirYushkevich/test-tasks/actions?workflow=watermark-scala)
=
### Description:

This is a scala version of watermark application.
Created by using scala template [akka/akka-http-quickstart-scala.g8](https://github.com/akka/akka-http-quickstart-scala.g8) (Akka HTTP Quickstart in Scala)

#### Watermark-Test

A global publishing company that publishes books and journals wants to develop a service to
watermark their documents. Book publications include topics in business, science and media. Journals
don’t include any specific topics. A document (books, journals) has a title, author and a watermark
property. An empty watermark property indicates that the document has not been watermarked yet.

The watermark service has to be asynchronous. For a given content document the service should
return a ticket, which can be used to poll the status of processing. If the watermarking is finished the
document can be retrieved with the ticket. The watermark of a book or a journal is identified by
setting the watermark property of the object. For a book the watermark includes the properties
content, title, author and topic. The journal watermark includes the content, title and author.

#### Examples for watermarks:
```
{content:”book”, title:”The Dark Code”, author:”Bruce Wayne”, topic:”Science”}
{content:”book”, title:”How to make money”, author:”Dr. Evil”, topic:”Business”}
{content:”journal”, title:”Journal of human flight routes”, author:”Clark Kent”}
```

#### TODO
a) Create an appropriate object-oriented model for the problem.<br />
b) Implement the Watermark-Service, meeting the above conditions.<br />
c) Provide Unit-Tests to ensure the functionality of the service.

### Usage:
```
curl -v -d '{"content":"book", "title":"The Dark Code", "author":"Bruce Wayne"}' -H 'Content-Type:application/json' -X POST http://localhost:8080/api/v2/publications
```
```
curl localhost:8080/api/v2/publications | jq
```
```
curl -X DELETE localhost:8080/api/v2/publications/ddc0f84d-a4df-4f75-b79e-ac322cc755b5
```

### Run service:
Build it:
```
./build.sh
```
Run it:
```
scala target/scala-2.13/watermark-scala-assembly-0.1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar
java -jar target/scala-2.13/watermark-scala-assembly-0.1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar
```
You can also run it from docker image (than port should be 8082 in examples):
```
docker-compose rmi yushkevich/watermark-scala
docker-compose up
docker-compose down
```

### Environment

macOS Catalina (version 10.15.2)  
Scala 2.12.8
SBT 1.3.4

Commit message:

Add k8s deployment for watermark service

services/watermark-scala/README.md, after:

Watermark [![Build Status](https://github.com/VladimirYushkevich/test-tasks/workflows/watermark-scala/badge.svg)](https://github.com/VladimirYushkevich/test-tasks/actions?workflow=watermark-scala)
=
### Description:

This is a scala version of watermark application.
Created by using scala template [akka/akka-http-quickstart-scala.g8](https://github.com/akka/akka-http-quickstart-scala.g8) (Akka HTTP Quickstart in Scala)

#### Watermark-Test

A global publishing company that publishes books and journals wants to develop a service to
watermark their documents. Book publications include topics in business, science and media. Journals
don’t include any specific topics. A document (books, journals) has a title, author and a watermark
property. An empty watermark property indicates that the document has not been watermarked yet.

The watermark service has to be asynchronous. For a given content document the service should
return a ticket, which can be used to poll the status of processing. If the watermarking is finished the
document can be retrieved with the ticket. The watermark of a book or a journal is identified by
setting the watermark property of the object. For a book the watermark includes the properties
content, title, author and topic. The journal watermark includes the content, title and author.

#### Examples for watermarks:
```
{content:”book”, title:”The Dark Code”, author:”Bruce Wayne”, topic:”Science”}
{content:”book”, title:”How to make money”, author:”Dr. Evil”, topic:”Business”}
{content:”journal”, title:”Journal of human flight routes”, author:”Clark Kent”}
```

#### TODO
a) Create an appropriate object-oriented model for the problem.<br />
b) Implement the Watermark-Service, meeting the above conditions.<br />
c) Provide Unit-Tests to ensure the functionality of the service.

### Usage:
```
curl -v -d '{"content":"book", "title":"The Dark Code", "author":"Bruce Wayne"}' -H 'Content-Type:application/json' -X POST http://localhost:8080/api/v2/publications
```
```
curl localhost:8080/api/v2/publications | jq
```
```
curl -X DELETE localhost:8080/api/v2/publications/ddc0f84d-a4df-4f75-b79e-ac322cc755b5
```

### Run service:
Build it:
```
./build.sh
```
Run it:
```
scala target/scala-2.13/watermark-scala-assembly-0.1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar
java -jar target/scala-2.13/watermark-scala-assembly-0.1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar
```
You can also run it from docker image (than port should be 8082 in curl examples):
```
docker-compose up --force-recreate watermark-scala
docker-compose down
```

### Kubernetes
```
./k8s-deployment.sh
kubectl -n local port-forward svc/watermark-scala 8083:8083
```
Don't forget to change port to 8083 in curl examples.

You can also access it via k8s service. To get service IP/Port run and add API path:
```
minikube -n local service watermark-scala
```

### Environment
macOS Catalina (version 10.15.2)  
Scala 2.13.1
SBT 1.2.8
